I think of window and raining and looking through the window.

This makes me think of being in my room, like probably in my mid-20s when I lived in New York, and being in my room and being alone at like 3 in the morning, haha, Sober, and like feeling that I don't know what the hell am I doing, where my future will hold, am I taking the wrong path, just makes me feel like those moments you just questioned every thing, because you focus on the big questions rather than the little things in front of you. It just there is like a all consuming feelings, feels very, the color of this is the color of the room at the time, they had this like, there is this orange fabric I put over, because its ugly, so I think of this yellowy orange, but much different then sunset, like 3 in the morning, just in my room, probably reading something, just getting darker and darker and further and further in my mind and can't get out of those thoughts. I'm sure, well I hope every one can go through it, even though it takes to you bad places, like it could be saying to me, like its very necessary, to gaze, alone.

This makes me think of my grandmother, she is very mobile and young and hard, but whenever she is on the stairs she is always full grip to the rail.

The first thing handrail makes me think of is skateboarding. Because skateboarders will do tricks on handrails going downstairs. Because I used to skate a lot so I always pay attention to things that you can skate on. So like the way I see handrail is different than anyone else. Because when I see handrails I would think ohh it is a nice handrail. Leaning on the handrails though, it is like a weird place to stop and lean. Because handrail is going downstairs, stairs is such a purposeful structure. It is designed for people to go from place to place. So in my mind like I would get really bothered by someone who stop and lean on the handrails. They are probably in the middle of the staircase like walking traffic. Especially in the city you think about people in the subways who like stand in the stairwell don't know where they are going. I get pretty annoyed by them sometimes. Or like people walking very slowing looking at their phone.
