very nice, very happy, I don't really have a story that works with this one. Blues and yellows just bright color, just sounds general happiness, peace is like the greatest thing and joy is just happiness, so it is something that we are all striving for, its very nice, am i really have for that one.  Something is hard to picture, what everyone really wants deep down.

Sea breeze, food, good food, warm, just, warm air. Sometimes it feels like you are in a beautiful setting that is winter, its pretty, but generally no. Or that feeling, wafting, wafting means that feeling from head to toe, or just ahh release, suddenly you just something you were very nervous about you just let go, like a lightness of being, being just like, yeah, that release of anxiety kind of, like a river go through, you can feel it from head to toes, total release of your body, like the one of the best feelings in the world. Sometimes even when the school is done, or like it also makes me think of in relationships, if there is sort of miscommunications, and you are like waiting to hear from this person and you are not sure exactly and this terrible feeling in you body and finally you hear from them and its like ohhhhh ok. Or just those moments where there is something beautiful and relax you suddenly become aware that this is very nice I'm so relaxed right now.

It reminds me of the moments, for sometime you have moments, for a split seconds, you feel satisfied and happy where you are, I get that I have great feeling, like I'm here in ITP I can do so many things its very exciting, so many opportunities. But it just feel like a few minutes, and then something happens.

very UN, feels very innocent, a child playing in a not crowded play ground, sliders and swings, a child between 5-10, happy age, smiling, his mum is just sitting, watching him play. Late afternoon, after school, not a lot of people but not just him. Spring time, not too hot, not too cold. The sky is still yellow but not too bright. Its a feeling of him playing and laughing. I see either him on the swing, or on a slider coming down, the hair is blowing. My little cousin, going on the slider, playing in the park.

christmas, it sounds so banal to me, boring and basic, such a simplex way, unachievable, utopia, everything is perfect to a singular viewpoint, one person's utopia can be another persons dystopia. Its too a simplistic way of thinking, if we were at a place where everybody is at peace with one another, without any conflicts, the idea is that a singular utopia that everyone would agree to is the best way but it is never gonna happen.  Maybe with my family, I definitely feel that a serenity air peace, like I am part of something larger than myself, or it is like a lot of history just knowing me the whole life, so sometimes there is a peaceful comes from there.

What we all want in our life. This makes me think a really good combination, its like two words you can always say to someone and you can like smile, because peace and joy you feel like secure in the place. Depends on what time that I feel that sometimes they are very close to me but then sometime they just starting to going away from me and I need to bring them back. There are moments that I felt peaceful and joyful, and me because of who I am, I can feel peaceful during the day and then night I can not feel it anymore. And there is also like this idea of being peaceful and joyful, not having emotions that changing that much and you can also live like that, but I do feel that this is something that sometimes you feel really close and sometimes you feel very far but it is something you need to keep close to you, yeah, all the time.

think about the church and siting in the church, in the silence. No its not me alone in the church, there can be people, there can be people, but, I always, I go to the church on Sunday, and I always have the joy in there, its a nice beginning of the week and the end of the beginning of the week, it has the peaceful and joyful. No usually (this feeling would not going away in the week) It depends on what happened during the week, sometimes, in Lithuania I used to go to sometimes in the middle of the week sit for a bit, just sat there, and then go, just to recharge myself. But, it goes lower toward the end of the week. and sometimes I don't to go, but sometimes I go and I feel everything is fine, yeah.

I think of like grass, fields and flowers, and people laughing, being by the water, waves and things like that. Peace is like when the time I was in California by the coast, or even like upstate when there is like a river or something, and the air is so fresh when there is like the trees, and actually, I guess its just like when you realise that wow its so loud in the city and then you just heard kind of nothing, you just hear like grass rustling and very fresh. But joy, I guess I get joy from that too but also when people are nice to each other, and yeah.