It is kind of confusing. It makes me think when you are dreaming. That is a weird one. I guess when you are dreaming if it is a good dream, it likes ideal, your brain constructs an environment where you feel safe and home where you are not an outsider. Or like your friends are there and your family. But there are dreams where is that not true. It is not at all like being at home, it is like a foreign place and more stressful. I don't really understand this one. I think there are different context where I feel more like home or I being like an outsider. Even though I have been living in New York for my whole life but just the fact that I am Asian that like one thing makes me feel like outsider in America in general. Even though I am American I can't totally relate to white people in certain ways. I have been living in New York city for 7 years, it doesn't feel like home. I don't think it will ever feel like home. I don't know if there a place that gonna makes me feel like home. I guess in a way of being where my parents are feels like home. Even though where they are now, the physical place does not feel like home. I guess where I live right now feels like home because I am so used to it. I can go there and feel like comfortable and safe. I don't know what home means to me.I never really thought of a strong sense of home. Even when I was younger like my parents moved out from the place I grow I did not care it did not bother me. I think what makes me feel like home is like being with people I am comfortable with. I think it is more the people than the physical place I am in. And also in general I am sort of resist comfort in a way. Comfort is necessary I guess, you can't be uncomfortable all the time. But comfort to me also like, I don't want to feel too comfortable in any situation. That just means, comfort to me almost feels like stagnating, like not progressing or changing, like routine. I don't like the ideas of getting used to situations or getting used to a routine having like static way of thinking, interacting the same people, living in the same life everyday, I want to be like moving and changing all the time and maybe that partly makes me that I don't feel like a strong feeling sense of home, because I don't really cares that much? Comes to like physical spaces, I have always thought that I don't want to stay in New York forever, I want to try living in different places and new things versus someone else might think that I like new york I have no reasons to go somewhere else.

My mom doesn't have any brothers or sisters, she has a lot of cousin, every year, but she some how got where distance with them so we wouldn't meet them very often, but there would be one cousin that would come every year to visit. He wasn't very close, they used to call each other, in Lithuania, there is halloween, because everyone here is catholic, there is a All Saints day, he would come on the same day every year, on the same day we go to visit the cemetery, the cemetery is where everyone is buried, so every year you would go there you leave candles and flowers, so he would come every year on the same date and we would come tougher to the cemetery. Like I have't been home, haven't live with my parents for 9 years now, but I would still call my mom every year to say if he came this year. He still comes.

Its a character that showing up, and you expect them to be there, it can be a person, can be an animal, imaginary friend. When I am a guest, being in a new place, I feel like people examine me, they try to see who is in front of them, they try to see if, when I am a guest and I don't know anyone in the new place, I will probably talk to people and try to see how I could be fit in a group of people where I don't know anyone in there.

One of the things comes to mind, I sort of always being uncomfortable, being a visitor, or like a guest, I don't feel totally open. You know like when you go to somebody's house and they offer you something and you say no, even though you want it, and then its like they are offering, I never feel like a person will take something that they offer, but then they leave it there and they walk away and I will take it from there. But sometimes its like guest, sounds like, you know like guest in the hotel its treated very nicely, you can pretend to be somebody else. You are kind of like a different side of you, like when you are walking around the hotel and restaurant you are like ohhh people are taking care of me.

I think of food, because indian hospitality you always feed guest food, I think of pineapple, because that is a symbol of hospitality. So I think of yellow and green, warm and family.