Cold, shivering, smooth, indoor, windows, bedroom, blanket, its like when you sleep, then you have your window open, and the wind comes in but you didn't pup enough blanket. its like unprepared, you want to leave, it is not comfortable, it is too cold.
For some reasons I also think of forest outside the window. And the foredawn, sounds for like nature, not like buildings
Silk is bad, when its cold silk gets cold, its not like cotton, silk actually makes you colder
I wanna leave, I wanna go away from
that time is emotional, you are waiting for sunrise, you don't want to keep longing, just leave

Not sure I totally understand it, but, makes me think of literally being cold, makes me think of winter, makes me think of during, like mental, it makes me think of thoughts that so emotionally draining that I can't, I have to let them go in someway because it is not sustainable, like dwelling on these ideas that are important and are vague feel psychologically but are draining physically, if you think about it too much, or for too long, or in the wrong eye sight. In this particular sentence, My silk, to me it is like my body versus the chills in my thoughts. Not necessary get away from it, just that kind of, because I'm a very internal person, just in my head a lot, sometimes that overthinking and philosophising and trying to figure things out, it takes a toll on you physically, so you need to like, ok, you need to like go with it, or find a different way of deal with it. Because it is just like bringing you down to the point where you just like different to function.

I see a lake house, it gives when we are in ITP, we don't even have a thought of travelling in our mind, there is no nature, in every day right now. And after we finish ITP we would be like wow we have been stuck in this bubble for so long. Because we all know what is the world outside, we came from the world to here, closed society here, we did not forget the world out side, we still know it, but not the same, when you have the deadline in you mind, it is not the same.

morning frost, the leaves still have some frost on them, when the sun rise it just gonna melt everything a tiny bit. Sometimes there is this time in life, when you are having a jet leg and you find yourself woke up in like 4 or 5 in the morning, no one else is there, especially in summer because the sun always rise a little bit earlier, kind of moment when you are awake but the world around you hasn't awake yet. Especially when you are out in the nature, that's pretty peaceful and joyful. I remember one time in high school, I had a mini van, a bunch of us, we were not even doing something crazy, we just decided to do a sleep over in my mini van, so we just told each other we are staying over at different front house, we did not really plan except for drive around the city all night and just sleep in the back in the van and then go home in the morning. We did that but no one can fall asleep because there is no space, everybody just keep waking up, I think I remember that I woke up at 5 in the morning freezing. Its a funny night.

I just I just thinking being in a field, you know that back home we have this big open field. There is the mist of that cold feeling even though it might be a warm day.

I am usually sleeping. Usually those are fun night if I am awake. The most distinct one I had I remember is when I was in England, this is a club called fabric. It is a underground club, you go like four stories down, when I came up, it was like 5 in the morning.  you walk, and there is like a tunnel. I just remember the sun, walking out, everybody is during the day like going to work or something. I was just like, what is this.
